DVX-79 Added minor explanation to readme about full path to npl/src/main in run config (#31)
NoumenaDigital/npl-integrations: README.md

    - `Application ID`: The application ID found on the settings page of your app in the Noumena Cloud UI
    - `Username`: Your email address for Noumena Cloud
    - `Password`: Your password for Noumena Cloud

>     - `Source path`: Use the file navigator to navigate to `./npl/src/main` inside the project (this populates the run 
> configuration with the full path to `./npl/src/main`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `Source path`: The absolute path within the project and ending with `/npl/src/main`. This is where the `npl`, `kotlin-script` and `yaml` folders are located.
```
```suggestion
    - `Source path`: Use the file navigator to navigate to `./npl/src/main` inside the project (this populates the run 
configuration with the full path to `./npl/src/main`)
```
```suggestion
    - `Source path`: Use the file navigator to navigate to `./npl/src/main` inside the project (this populates the run 
configuration with the full path to `./npl/src/main`)
```
```suggestion
    - `Source path`: Use the file navigator to navigate to `./npl/src/main` inside the project (this populates the run 
configuration with the full path to `./npl/src/main`)
```
```suggestion
    - `Source path`: Use the file navigator to navigate to `./npl/src/main` inside the project (this populates the run 
configuration with the full path to `./npl/src/main`)
```

Author: Committed your suggestion and added subsequent wording improvement
